content/_index.md, before:

+++
title = ''
date = 2024-01-27T12:20:41+03:00
draft = false
+++

## Welcome to my site

I'm ***{{< params "displayName" >}}***, tech enthusiast, music lover and full-time yapper. I often fall down and get lost in rabbit holes every couple weeks.

You can contact me through these means (sorted in terms of preference):

- **fediverse**: writeblankspace[at]shonk.social
- **matrix**: writeblankspace[colon]waffle.tech
- **email**: writeblankspace[at]pm.me

You can read my [posts](posts/) or find out more [about this site](posts/about/).

This site is written and designed by me and generated into a static site with [Hugo](https://gohugo.io), and was last [built on {{< lastmod >}}]({{< params "gitURL" >}}/commits/main). I may occasionally abandon it and leave it with horrifyingly outdated (and most likely cringy) stuff. Whoops.

And... don't say I didn't warn ya.

## Buttons!

My personal homepage probably isn't complete without a couple of [88x31 buttons](posts/88x31-buttons)!

{{< 88x31 "4A4A4A.png" >}}
{{< 88x31 "88x31.gif" >}}
{{< 88x31 "best_viewed_with_eyes.gif" >}}
{{< 88x31 "cssdif.gif" >}}
{{< 88x31 "debtdeath-mobilefriendly.png" >}}
{{< 88x31 "duckduckgo.png" >}}
{{< 88x31 "fediring.gif" >}}
{{< 88x31 "fediverse.gif" >}}
{{< 88x31 "firefox.gif" >}}
{{< 88x31 "gnu-linux.gif" >}}
{{< 88x31 "graphite.png" >}}
{{< 88x31 "handcoded.gif" >}}
{{< 88x31 "internetarchive.gif" >}}
{{< 88x31 "internetprivacynow.gif" >}}
{{< 88x31 "jointhefediverse.gif" >}}
{{< 88x31 "lars.png" >}}
{{< 88x31 "mercurial.gif" >}}
{{< 88x31 "swiftie.gif" >}}
{{< 88x31 "ublock.png" >}}
{{< 88x31 "vim.gif" >}}

<details>
    <summary>johnvertisement</summary>
    <iframe src="https://john.citrons.xyz/embed?ref={{< params "baseURL" >}}" style="margin-left:auto;display:block;margin-right:auto;max-width:732px;width:100%;height:94px;border:none;"></iframe>
</details>


To paraphrase someone whose works I admire, *embrace the cringe*.

Commit message:

add a timeline! This also means adding a new layout specific for the timeline, as it is neither a Post nor Home nor a Section

content/_index.md, after:

+++
title = ''
date = 2024-01-27T12:20:41+03:00
draft = false
+++

## Welcome to my site

I'm ***{{< params "displayName" >}}***, tech enthusiast, music lover and full-time yapper. I often fall down and get lost in rabbit holes every couple weeks.

You can contact me through these means (sorted in terms of preference):

- **fediverse**: writeblankspace[at]shonk.social
- **matrix**: writeblankspace[colon]waffle.tech
- **email**: writeblankspace[at]pm.me

You can read my [posts](/posts/) or find out more [about this site](/posts/about/). You may also read my [timeline](/timeline/) where I put random thoughts and journalling that doesn't fit in as an individual post.

This site is written and designed by me and generated into a static site with [Hugo](https://gohugo.io), and was last [built on {{< lastmod >}}]({{< params "gitURL" >}}/commits/main). I may occasionally abandon it and leave it with horrifyingly outdated (and most likely cringy) stuff. Whoops.

And... don't say I didn't warn ya.

## Buttons!

My personal homepage probably isn't complete without a couple of [88x31 buttons](posts/88x31-buttons)!

{{< 88x31 "4A4A4A.png" >}}
{{< 88x31 "88x31.gif" >}}
{{< 88x31 "best_viewed_with_eyes.gif" >}}
{{< 88x31 "cssdif.gif" >}}
{{< 88x31 "debtdeath-mobilefriendly.png" >}}
{{< 88x31 "duckduckgo.png" >}}
{{< 88x31 "fediring.gif" >}}
{{< 88x31 "fediverse.gif" >}}
{{< 88x31 "firefox.gif" >}}
{{< 88x31 "gnu-linux.gif" >}}
{{< 88x31 "graphite.png" >}}
{{< 88x31 "handcoded.gif" >}}
{{< 88x31 "internetarchive.gif" >}}
{{< 88x31 "internetprivacynow.gif" >}}
{{< 88x31 "jointhefediverse.gif" >}}
{{< 88x31 "lars.png" >}}
{{< 88x31 "mercurial.gif" >}}
{{< 88x31 "swiftie.gif" >}}
{{< 88x31 "ublock.png" >}}
{{< 88x31 "vim.gif" >}}

<details>
    <summary>johnvertisement</summary>
    <iframe src="https://john.citrons.xyz/embed?ref={{< params "baseURL" >}}" style="margin-left:auto;display:block;margin-right:auto;max-width:732px;width:100%;height:94px;border:none;"></iframe>
</details>


To paraphrase someone whose works I admire, *embrace the cringe*.
