content/about.md, before:

+++
title = 'About'
date = 2024-07-30T15:31:15+03:00
layout = 'simple'
draft = false
+++

I dunno who'd be interested enough to view this page — or heck, even this website — but whatever. You're here.

If you'd like to learn more about *me*, see my [home page](/) or visit some of my links there. If you want to learn more about this website itself, read on.

{{< toc >}}

## What goes here?

This website is a lovely place where I might put random thoughts, random works, yapping, stuff I want to share as a link, or streams of consciousness that lead to impulsive writing and publishing.

## How did you make it?

I wrote this website in HTML and CSS and the content is written in markdown before everything is generated into a static site with [Hugo](https://gohugo.io).

The contents and the design of this website are written entirely by me.

## Why make a website?

That's actually a very interesting question that will lead to a *lot* of yapping and waxing poetic, so it has [its own dedicated post](../why-i-made-a-website)!

## What are the aims of this website?

This website is for housing and hosting and publishing whatever I want to put in it. However, I did set myself some goals as to what I want the site to *be like*. The main things I want to achieve with this website are:

- **Functionality**: This website is functional and shows all its posts. Yay.
- **No bloat**: I was quite inspired by the [mfing website](https://motherfuckingwebsite.com/). Websites are responsive and actually quite beautiful by default. Why change that? While I'm not ditching CSS altogether, I aim to stick to the defaults as much as possible and add my own design elements where it improves the look and feel.
- **Accessibility**: There are little things anybody could do to make a website more accessible, whether it's to those with visual impairments, slow internet connection, or whatever. I want to try my best to ensure accessibility in this little personal site.
- **Personalisation**: I [once waxed poetic](../why-i-made-a-website) on how your personal website was a manifestation of yourself, made with your heart and soul. That rings true for me on here. All elements of this websie feel like *me*.

The source code of this website is available on its [GitHub page]({{< params "gitURL" >}}). If you'd like to view the older source of my website or take some inspiration or code snippets, feel free to do so!

## Some final words

That's essentially all I can tell you about myself and this website without going off on a tangent. If you would like to go down those tangents, view my [posts](/posts/)!

This was last edited on: {{< partial "commit" >}}

Commit message:

show commit hash on the about page, add a shortcode that lets me use partials on pages (to do that), change commit shortcode to get rid of all the whitespace smh

content/about.md, after:

+++
title = 'About'
date = 2024-07-30T15:31:15+03:00
layout = 'simple'
draft = false
+++

I dunno who'd be interested enough to view this page — or heck, even this website — but whatever. You're here.

If you'd like to learn more about *me*, see my [home page](/) or visit some of my links there. If you want to learn more about this website itself, read on.

{{< toc >}}

## What goes here?

This website is a lovely place where I might put random thoughts, random works, yapping, stuff I want to share as a link, or streams of consciousness that lead to impulsive writing and publishing.

## How did you make it?

I wrote this website in HTML and CSS and the content is written in markdown before everything is generated into a static site with [Hugo](https://gohugo.io).

The contents and the design of this website are written entirely by me.

## Why make a website?

That's actually a very interesting question that will lead to a *lot* of yapping and waxing poetic, so it has [its own dedicated post](/posts/why-i-made-a-website)!

## What are the aims of this website?

This website is for housing and hosting and publishing whatever I want to put in it. However, I did set myself some goals as to what I want the site to *be like*. The main things I want to achieve with this website are:

- **Functionality**: This website is functional and shows all its posts. Yay.
- **No bloat**: I was quite inspired by the [mfing website](https://motherfuckingwebsite.com/). Websites are responsive and actually quite beautiful by default. Why change that? While I'm not ditching CSS altogether, I aim to stick to the defaults as much as possible and add my own design elements where it improves the look and feel.
- **Accessibility**: There are little things anybody could do to make a website more accessible, whether it's to those with visual impairments, slow internet connection, or whatever. I want to try my best to ensure accessibility in this little personal site.
- **Personalisation**: I [once waxed poetic](/posts/why-i-made-a-website) on how your personal website was a manifestation of yourself, made with your heart and soul. That rings true for me on here. All elements of this websie feel like *me*.

The source code of this website is available on its [GitHub page]({{< params "gitURL" >}}). If you'd like to view the older source of my website or take some inspiration or code snippets, feel free to do so!

## Some final words

That's essentially all I can tell you about myself and this website without going off on a tangent. If you would like to go down those tangents, view my [posts](/posts/)!

The last commit on this file was {{< partial "commit" >}}. You can also see the previous versions of this page by clicking on that link.
