content/timeline.md, before:

+++
title = ''
date = 2024-07-31T20:00:50+03:00
layout = 'simple'
draft = false
+++

# Thu, 01 Aug 2024

<q>Salt air and the rust on your door</q> amirite? Happy *folklore track 8* everyone!

## Website stuff

The git repo should be a great way to tell you the most recent changes on my site, but let me tell you the most recent changes anyway. It's currently quarter to one, but some changes are small and easy to make.

1. I fixed some links regarding the [about page](/about/), especially as the `public/` dir required purging and I forgot to do that yesterday.
2. Fixed more links! Yipee!
3. Put the three files regarding the [#fediverse](/tags/fediverse) in order or writing, because I did not bother with their dates lol.
4. Used Netlify to build the site instead of building on my machine then pushing to GitHub and getting Netlify to just take `public/` from there, which causes the commit hashes to sometimes be outdates by a commit.

I should probably also address the thing I forgot to say here yesterday: I really forgot it for good now. No telling what it might've been, but oh well.

## Personal life

Personal life, huh? Well, here goes. Our iGCSE results will be released on 13 August, and everyone's anticipating that. To be honest, I quit caring so much about what grade I might get anymore. I probably won't fail. I just hope I get the minimum grades to get into the A-levels I want.

Quite worried about Computer Science because I actually did *not* try hard enough to learn any theory. Hopefully my excellent 15-mark-question algorithm in Python would make up for it though!

Some stuff about health: my right hand is *suffering*. It matches all the symptoms of dishydrosis and it sucks. It's ugly, it's itchy, it's [insert scream here]. Ugh.


# Wed, 31 Jul 2024

So today I decided to make a little timeline. I like posting stuff about this beloved website, but simply don't know whether to post it on Fedi or make a post about it here. As of writing, [#dev](/tags/dev/) has the most posts (9), but [#meta](/tags/meta/) is a running second (6). Surely there's got to be some place for all this meta without making actual posts on `/posts/`?

Recently, I got an interest for places like [tilde.club](https://tilde.club). I was browsing around some people's personal sites there and they're mostly timelines that just explain the status quo — a literal *web log*!

It excited me. I already signed up for an account there, but unfortunately I haven't recieved any updates, so I'm back to here. Perhaps I will make the über-long page right here in my site then! 

So yeah, this is the first log here. Hello.

Wait, I was gonna address something here before I did `hugo new content timeline.md`. Hmm, what was it?

Commit message:

add more changes to timeline

content/timeline.md, after:

+++
title = ''
date = 2024-07-31T20:00:50+03:00
layout = 'simple'
draft = false
+++

# Thu, 01 Aug 2024

<q>Salt air and the rust on your door</q> amirite? Happy *folklore track 8* everyone!

## Website stuff

The git repo should be a great way to tell you the most recent changes on my site, but let me tell you the most recent changes anyway. It's currently quarter to one, but some changes are small and easy to make.

1. I fixed some links regarding the [about page](/about/), especially as the `public/` dir required purging and I forgot to do that yesterday.
2. Fixed more links! Yipee!
3. Put the three files regarding the [#fediverse](/tags/fediverse) in order or writing, because I did not bother with their dates lol.
4. Used Netlify to build the site instead of building on my machine then pushing to GitHub and getting Netlify to just take `public/` from there, which causes the commit hashes to sometimes be outdates by a commit.
5. Did some more cleaning and freshening up with the design, to make sure you don't get overwhelmed with so much info on the list pages.

I should probably also address the thing I forgot to say here yesterday: I really forgot it for good now. No telling what it might've been, but oh well.

## Personal life

Personal life, huh? Well, here goes. Our iGCSE results will be released on 13 August, and everyone's anticipating that. To be honest, I quit caring so much about what grade I might get anymore. I probably won't fail. I just hope I get the minimum grades to get into the A-levels I want.

Quite worried about Computer Science because I actually did *not* try hard enough to learn any theory. Hopefully my excellent 15-mark-question algorithm in Python would make up for it though!

Some stuff about health: my right hand is *suffering*. It matches all the symptoms of dishydrosis and it sucks. It's ugly, it's itchy, it's [insert scream here]. Ugh.


# Wed, 31 Jul 2024

So today I decided to make a little timeline. I like posting stuff about this beloved website, but simply don't know whether to post it on Fedi or make a post about it here. As of writing, [#dev](/tags/dev/) has the most posts (9), but [#meta](/tags/meta/) is a running second (6). Surely there's got to be some place for all this meta without making actual posts on `/posts/`?

Recently, I got an interest for places like [tilde.club](https://tilde.club). I was browsing around some people's personal sites there and they're mostly timelines that just explain the status quo — a literal *web log*!

It excited me. I already signed up for an account there, but unfortunately I haven't recieved any updates, so I'm back to here. Perhaps I will make the über-long page right here in my site then! 

So yeah, this is the first log here. Hello.

Wait, I was gonna address something here before I did `hugo new content timeline.md`. Hmm, what was it?
