+++
title = '2024-08-02'
date = 2024-08-02
draft = false
+++

As this journal is all about random stuff that really don't fit anywhere, expect a mishmash of random topics here.

## Yapping poetic about computers

Earlier today I had something of an emotional breakdown. Guess what ultimately calmed me down? The thought of having to fix this website's RSS feed! Strange, perhaps even dumb and superficial, I know. But something's so comforting about computers and programs. There's almost *always* a solution. It's *always* simple-minded and somewhat predictable. Unlike people.

The problems feel more concrete and solvable. The variables are plentiful, but limited. There's something comforting about that that makes me want to live the moment and stop thinking about all the bad things in life. Computers are amazing.

I can see why the tech industry attracts neurodivergents like bees to honey.

## I discovered RSS feeds

RSS feeds! Amazing!

It's basically like being able to view tons of websites, except they're all in the same format! It's like subscribing to a newsletter without giving your email!

I fixed up the website's RSS feeds so that it won't show random stuff anymore, but it's still the Hugo default. Perhaps I'll make my own RSS template to allow *entire posts* to be loaded rather than just the summaries.

Anyways, as I tested out my RSS feeds, I installed an app called **Read You** (from F-Droid)... and it kind of just started from there.

Right now, I have 8 feeds (excluding the ones from my website):

- xkcd.com
- CSS-Tricks
- Krebs on Security
- Search Engine Land
- r/TaylorSwift
- r/Technology
- r/YouBelongWithMemes
- r/ProgrammerHumor

Yep, you can add subreddits in there too! Quite useful if I'm trying to avoid the ads and/or comments and such.

## Rant about all the 'best x' lists online

So I did have to DuckDuckGo "best RSS feeds" to get some ideas of what to subscribe to. The results though... I have complaints.

Like any reviews on software, you can expect links to the software. However, the links are *horrible*. They all redirect you to some sign-up page for some service made by the writers of the list, instead of, *ahem*, the actual RSS feed. For those who don't know better, they'll fall for that. I'll give you 500 Monopoly Dollars their #1 goal is to take data too!

And so I DDWent (y'know, past tense of 'DuckDuckGo') the websites of those feeds and easily found links to their feeds, completely public without any sign-up forms or whatever.

I hate 'best x' lists, even though I always end up on them for many things.

Would be great if we had people make actual *good* lists that weren't just copies of other sites' lists — i.e., if you wrote one of those lists you would have actually tried and tested each one yourself — that didn't try to promote a product of their own. Because. Why can't the internet just have stuff made with the goodness of people's hearts anymore? Everything is freaking *capitalism*. 

I mean, those things *do* exist, but not in the quantity that the horrible lists are made. And they tend to be buried due to their low SEO scores too, unlike the huge sites that kind of cheat the SEO system.

So, yeah.

