+++
title = '2024-09-30'
date = 2024-09-30
draft = false
+++

Oh hi.

It's been like, a month or so since I last touched this. Guess why? SCHOOOOLLLLLLL. Oh, wait...

Oh okay so after I wrote that last post there, we flew for a week-long vacation in the Philippines. Yayyy. It was great. Yeah.

And *then* school.

## xkcd obsession

I became obsessed with xkcd during that time. I especially loved the comics on Black Hat, and all the tech stuff. I even printed three of them to stick on my closet door:

- [xkcd 1205: Is It Worth The Time?](https://xkcd.com/1205/)
- [xkcd 1319: Automation](https://xkcd.com/1319/)
- [xkcd 1739: Fixing Problems](https://xkcd.com/1739/)

## School magazine?

I decided to launch a school magazine as an alternative to the official Press Team, with some friends helping me out. It was amazing when it was still being set up, and they made Instagram reels for it. Not so much now, when we're all drowning in homework and it's hard to get anything done and we're all ~~slowly~~ rapidly losing morale.

Oh well, maybe one day.

## Finally got accepted into tilde.club!

If you scroll aaaaalllll the way to the bottom of this page, you'll see that this page started all because of my interest in [tilde.club](https://tilde.club). Turns out, I was accepted around 8th August, and I just never got to checking my email!

So I went on a deep dive into using Weechat, an IRC client, as well as the terminal multiplexer rabbit hole. Eventually I decided on using tmux. Customising it was a whole other story. As of right now, I still haven't set up my tilde site, but that's for next time.

## AS Levels?

AS Levels, so far, have been humbling. Haven't been humbled yet. But for sure I will. I'm still delulu and lazy as hell. After one of my Comp Sci teachers gave us homework to write notes on like *twelve* pieces of hardware, I just gave up on my take-notes-after-each-school-day habit and just YOLO'ed it. Not sure what will become of that. Let's see.

I took the following:

- Computer Science (CAIE)
- Physics (Edexcel)
- Mathematics (CAIE)
- Business Studies (Edexcel)

AAAAA.

Oh, and my new Comp Sci teacher is amazing! He fancies himself cruel, but he's actually a really nice guy. Also great at explaining stuff, with history and all. I can see why he's the head of the subject.

My Physics teacher is also the head of Physics. Now, our Physics teachers at this school are well-known for having the more or less the same ethnicity (South Asian), the same accent (Pakistani who grew up in England) and the same sense of humour (I hate everyone, you guys suck — all in the most unbothered accent ever). Oh, but they're all kinda chill. One of them is infamous for always eating Cheetos in lessons. So, the head of Physics department? He's got to be the *most Physics teacher* of Physics teachers. No, no Cheetos. I am convinced he has undiagnosed ADHD. He's really fun. My best friend happens to now be in the same class as me (for the first time ever!) and we say the sussiest things. He gives us side-eyes.

My single-period Business Studies teacher will make my ears bleed. Interesting teaching method that breaks the ice and gets all the students crying with laughter for a good 40 minutes (i.e. the entire lesson) while some poor dude tries to figure out what *trade credit* is and the teacher suggests false answers to him and widens his eyes.

AS Levels have the best teachers, I think.

Actually, many of my teachers are great — save my Pure Maths teacher, who is honestly rather boring and quite a downgrade from my previous *amazing* maths teacher. I love slacking off, and he thinks I don't get the lesson. Nah, I'm just bored as heck, and also kinda sleepy.

## Oh, my website?

I tied off some loose ends with that website before school started. I love it! It doesn't feel quite so polished now that I look at it, though...

Anyways, gotta tweak this website a bit. Signing off.
