+++
title = '2024-08-04'
date = 2024-08-04
draft = false
+++

**Content Warning**: sarcasm and unhingedness. Proceed with caution. Also a ridiculous amount of "I"s for starting paragraphs. Clearly this demonstrates my superior and diverse vocabulary!

## Some theming stuff

I've been busy yesterday. I managed to fix some links and fix the lastmod date of all the posts (they all ended up showing "Edited 02 Aug 2024" after I fixed the folder structure, which is *totally* helpful), but then I had to go to the city and not much was done then.

I also began to dream about making a new theme for this website, as I initially wanted it to be minimal and use as little resources as possible. That went well into midnight, when I decided to write up a [specification for how to choose colours and implement the theme](https://github.com/writeblankspace/reallyCooNiceVibrantColourScheme) — hyperfocus, anyone?

I actually got to implementing that theme on this very site... until I went, *hold on a second*. I *loved* the site as it is! Its beautiful, minimal monochrome. As I tried to get the tags to look nicer, I realised how beautiful my site already was, without some fancy dark mode theme.

I probably do need to fix the `line-height` and `font-size` though, because HTML defaults for those are just kinda ew. Oh, and turns out I can centre divs without `flex`, so maybe I should get rid it in favour of `margin: auto`.

## Say no to CSS! Say no to bloat!

Okay, not exactly. I still love CSS, but if you ever want to view my website without any styling, you can now view the [no-CSS version of this site](https://writeblankspace-no-css.netlify.app/). The only page with styling is this timeline page, since it works differently from the rest of the site. Besides, anti-CSS people (if they even exist) would probably forgive me for doing inline CSS on a site title and three declarations within the `<head>`.

If you got to this page, I assume you've clicked on several links already and you know that I was inspired by the [mfing website](https://motherfuckingwebsite.com/), which was one of the reasons I took a lot of care to use as little CSS as possible — or, in the case of the no-CSS version, *none at all*.
