+++
title = '2024-08-09'
date = 2024-08-09
draft = false
+++

Hey! I haven't been here in like 3 days so I really oughta catch up.

## On the past few days

On the 6th (my last post here), I started out with my new portfolio website. Y'know, if I ever need one. Anyways, I worked with that a bit more on the 7th, and late at night I went to browse some other portfolio websites on the internet, and, *woah* I was blown away.

So I then got onto IbisPaint and began designing my dream website. My old parallax image header was boring. The waves I'd spent hours that morning to fix were nice, but also didn't bring as much excitement as it should've. I needed something a lot more modern for *today*, in a world of flat design, not a revamp of my old website from when I was 14.

And so I got this idea of making a website inspired by terminal GUIs — you know, when a terminal app uses lots of ASCII and makes a GUI that is somehow more impressive than actuall GUI apps? I used a dark colourscheme, with pastel pinks and blues.

Then I made a 6-day todo list for stuff I would have to do to make that website design a reality, HTML, CSS, Lume templating and *all*.

## Yesterday and today

I kept working on this project, knowing that with determination and a lot of time (and exploiting hyperfocus), I could make the website that I'll be proud of for years to come.

I'm making progress. Nothing *too* impressive, but I'm making progress and I'm quite proud of it.

## I discovered a new font!

It's called **Recursive**. See, I saw someone post on *r/ProgrammerHumor* yet another post about using Comic Sans or Papyrus for their IDE. Aaaa. Unironically though, I quite liked Comic Sans. It just needed to be monospaced.

So I found the NERD font for Comic Sans. I wasn't very thrilled once I got it onto my terminal, though. Something about it felt a little *off* to me. Probably the huuuge font weight.

Anyways, so I went and DuckDuckWent: "best monospace fonts".

I found some article that talked about some of the most common favourite fonts, and the most overrated, and the most underrated. I, eager to try something new, went for the "most underrated" fonts.

One of them was this font called *Recursive*. The name spoke out to me. I wanted to try out a font with all the cool quality-of-life features like those cursive italics and such. I was not disappointed.

I got me the NERD font. I tried using it on my website, but unfortunately it didn't fit in as well as my current picks (Anonymous Pro headers, Khula body). Right now, though, I'm using RecMono Casual (one of its NERD fonts) while typing this very log on Neovim. My eyes are *feasting* on it. I especially love how its italised font is automatically its cursive variant as opposed to its roman variant.

I suggest you try it! It has an amazing website too, full of really cool interactive stuff.

The enthusiasm of whoever made that font is also contagious. It sounds like a work of art.
