+++
title = '2024-08-06'
date = 2024-08-06
draft = false
+++

Hey!

Yesterday I didn't really update the site much because it was just some random RSS feed stuff and waiting and we had to go somewhere again.

Anyways, today I realised how little I have to do here now... everything's pretty much done. But, of course, I had a thirst for more. So I did more.

No, not here. I installed Neovim. I set my mind. I went through the entire Neovim tutorial (which was great! I'd forgotten all of those tricks, even though I used Vim almost exclusively while making this site). I did `git init` on a new project folder.

I decided to try out **Lume** — an SSG similar to the one used for this very site. Sorry Hugo, but I heard that while your build times are unmatched, and your simplicity is amazing, you're not *quite* as robust.

I actually didn't config the hell out of Lume yet, nor really utilise what it's made for, but it's a start. I got the website and webserver set up. Then I set out to design the site like there's no tomorrow. It's quite amazing to see how much progress I made in around 6 hours. It came from a website with `lightgrey` and `lightblue` colours and awkward design to something that makes a lot more sense.

Unfortunately, I will not link this site here as it is meant to be a portfolio site for future use and contains my real-life credentials and such. I will, however, tell you my favourite parts of it so far. I *love* [haikei.app](https://haikei.app) and its SVG curve generators! I made my website have SVG waves between the full-height header and the content, as well as the content and the footer. I'm rather proud of it. I had to figure out how to get rid of all the horrible space, though, as the waves only filled slightly more than half of the SVG.

The full-height header? Oh, a parallax image, a flexbox to centre all my elements, et cetera. The navbar's transparent but has a 25px blur effect on everything below. I love it! I mean, I used `<div>`s like there's no tomorrow but this site's for showing off. It's not like someone's going to load that website in a potato anyway.
